“reality check:
as someone who’s talked about mental illness and been an awareness advocate for it for a good amount of time, it’s important to know that even the people who seem happiest can have their downfalls - ive had a few girls message me the past year looking for help w certain issues and while i can offer advice and be a shoulder to lean on, it’s important to know that i too still struggle - after relapsing in September and nearly having to start my life over, I got better with the help of so many loved ones and supporters, but sometimes thoughts still come and go. It’s not an easy process, for me it’s been 5 years of these ups and downs, and I’m lucky as for many it can last their whole life. I’m determined to not let anything define me, to ride these waves til the sea evens out, and to be okay, because we’ll all be okay. Point being, it’s important to note that while people may look as though they’re thriving on social media or even in real life, they could be going through much more than you know, so never compare yourself to them and take care of who you are first. love you with my whole heart, message me if you need me.”
“I’m over here trying to eat healthy and exercise and my body repays me with a stomach bug On day 4 of it now ”
“The most infuriating thing about people who still support Kanye is their whole “think of it from his perspective” argument. The things this man has said are both morally and historically WRONG. You should not care about his perspective when he’s spreading false and dangerous ideas.”
“YALL VOTE FOR ME FOR SOCIAL MEDIA ROYALTY AHHHHHHHH”
“Happy birthday to myself for dealing with this bullshit for 22 years”
“AVENGERS SPOILER ALERT:
Man, I’m still heated that they really Killed T’Challa TWO MONTHS after his movie came out. Black folks can’t enjoy ANYTHING nice”
“proud of my son, 9th in the NJ Marathon this weekend. Congrats to him and his coach Harrison Neally!”
“Interested in making a difference? Become a student ambassador at your high school or college today! Visit our website for information on how to get involved and to view our current SFA ambassadors across the country: https://studentsforaction.org/become-a-sfa-ambassador”
“I have very little patience for people who linger at green lights. GO!!!!!”
“Dear friends and family"
Whether it was working towards highschool’s senior Italy trip, or my post-college travels through South America many of you have supported me in many different ways, and your support and encourage means everything to me, many of my journeys would not have been possible without it!
Now I’ve moved onto the next journey! I’ve moved to Pittsburgh for a glassblowing job with Vessel Studio, and I will also be working on running an up-and-coming food truck (soft opening today!!). In the midst of all of this, and after receiving a few spontaneous requests for some custom glassware, I’ve decided to make my own website. I don’t plan on this website going big, I see this as a fun and learning experience which will keep me blowing even MORE glass in my free time. For all of you who keep up to date on my endeavors with glass and/or where I am in life, please take a look!!
This website (which took a lot more work than expected) has the option to choose from an array of glass and shot glass series that I have produced, as well as the really cool option too design your own set! You can choose from all my favorite cup shapes and color designs as well as choose from my 40+ colors in stock.
I can’t say I’m working towards going to Europe or South America, but I can say I’m working on getting life after college rolling, which seems like a much more daunting task. All your support is really appreciated, even if it’s sending me a message with your thoughts on the website! But also, designing a custom set of glasses to match someone’s home, from a local artist you know personally, is a gift that won’t be forgotten 
Thanks everyone! I have a Facebook page - JN Glasswork - and I am on Instagram under the same name.
Here is the website!!! (If you have a computer, it will always look classier than on the phone)”
“So far what I’ve learned this year is that the only good males in this world are your dad and your dog so here’s an appreciation post cause I’ll love you both forever”
“I am happy to announce that after graduation I will be moving to Pittsburgh and completing a year of service through the National Health Corps. I will be serving at the Shadyside Family Health Clinic as a Care Coordinator in the Maternal and Child Heath Department. I am so excited to have the opportunity to make a difference in the lives of moms and babies in the greater Pittsburgh area.”
“21 years ago today the mighty Meg Parker came to this earth. She could kick your ass with her field hockey skills, her beauty, her intelligence and wit, her emotional and physical strength, or she could decide you are worthy and slay you with her kindness and caring. Your choice.”
“20 years ago today Judy and I got married in her living room by Judge Rosemary Pooler. The next day we had a party at the Linklaen. That's a 20 year anniversary of the best decision I ever made.”
“I don’t normally do this but one of the families I nanny for the baby, who just turned a week old, had to be brought into the ER tonight and parents were told he has to receive open heart surgery as early as tomorrow. I know the family would appreciate any and all prayers for this little angel️”
“Happy 50th Birthday to my dear husband! You are loved and cherished. (Cake by Isabel, card by Georgie)”
“I am very excited to announce that I have accepted a position with GEICO in Chevy Chase for next year!”
I'm very excited to announce that I have been accepted to the Oberlin College Research Fellowship.
Professor Travis Wilson and I are seeking to understand the peer societies of African-American classrooms in elementary school with a demographic that has been largely understudied in urban kids within Cleveland
It's concert/recital season!! I'm in 6 performances in the upcoming week and I get to work with some wonderful people! Come support them!
Life update: I blocked all the haters and the world is full of love
Lmao all T'Challa had to do was throw a vibranium brick at Thons' head like Craig did Deebo
Imma open up my own airline which caters to hoteps. It'll be called "Ankh Airlines" and won't have any seatbelts because they were made by the white man to hold the black man back.
Petition to call white lies "Unseasoned Untruths"
With half your paycheck gone, the REAL Infinity War is with the government
Him: call me daddy. Him as an intellectual: it's Star Wars day. I am your father.
The further a society drifts from the truth the more it will hate those that speak it.
Happy birthday old man!!! I'm so grateful for your wisdom and humor. I hope you have a wonderful day, no one deserves it more. Love you Dad
Seattle doesn't have a "homeless" problem; Seattle has a housing affordability, drug, mental health and income disparity problem.
Although it's a Monday Afternoon, I hope you enjoy my cover of Sunday Morning from Maroon 5. One of the many things I thank God for everyday is the ability to create music, so here you go. I hope you enjoy.
Do you ever wonder what it would be like to be able to work from anywhere in the world?? The Healthstyle Emporium is currently looking for peeps who want to be a part of our team and work from anywhere for our holistic online health and nutrition program.
If I could be racist I'd raise the tax on Mayo and sun block by 2000%
I saw kids die daily from measles in Kenya. I saw a women carry her child 30 miles on her back to get him vaccinated. First world parents who don't vaccinate are spoiled fools.
You cannot make everybody happy, You are not a Taco.
Happy Mother’s Day to the very best one! Words can never describe just how much you mean to me. I am who I am because of you and I can only hope to become a fraction of the amazing woman and mama you are. Can’t wait to see you in TWO DAYS (and we need to take lots of pictures because I didn’t have enough to choose from!!!) I love you!
HI FRIENDS what are you currently listening to? What are your all time favorite songs? Favorite songs to jump around naked and dance to? Favorite songs to cuddle in your beddy and drink tea to? I WANT TO KNOW.
Start the new Job tomorrow, feeling nervous.
It's Sunday and Cleveland is down by 20 in the first quarter. It's like football season never ended.
“What can you do if you are thirty and, turning the corner of your own street, you are overcome, suddenly by a feeling of bliss – absolute bliss! – as though you’d suddenly swallowed a bright piece of that late afternoon sun and it burned in your bosom, sending out a little shower of sparks into every particle, into every finger and toe?…” Katherine Mansfield
Tokyo is undoubtedly one of the greatest places i've ever been in my life. I'm so incredibly thankful I've been able to come here and cant wait for the experiences in kyoto.
So much fun watching this young lady graduate this week. What an honor to be a part of her life and this celebration. The world is lucky to have you!
The one day out of the year we can get the boys out of bed at 7AM on a Sunday!! Trailhead was packed at 8AM!! Was great playing with mother nature today in the sun!!
When you drove your pie to school and put your kids in the oven, smh
I love this, Trump just referred to as "The Pinocchio of Presidents"
There was an article about it and it said there is nothing to satisfy how you feel about the thing being so cute so the natural human urge is to kill it so it will stop being cute
Do you understand how much someone has to be hurting to want to end their life? there isnt anything easy about being suicidal you insensitive nonfactor. Go spread your faux deep positive vibes somewhere else.
Stars don't actually look like this, they look like you, youre my star
Pence might be worse than Trump!?!? I hate Republicans, so stupid
We're at a fundraiser, helping young women raise money for community college
Why don't guys ever look at my face? childish
I love men in uniform
Thanks for the clarification Dad
She might be mean to you but that doesn't mean you have to be mean to her.
Ok this is really embarrassing. Idk whose cat we buried but Tom just showed up at our house.
Why cant we store all are nuclear waste on the moon? get rid of the waste from this planet and it will eventually melt the moon and get rid of it that way.
Is my nephew there? We were eating and now I can't find him? Is he still there his name is Jason.
Ain't nothin' like some bra-less, late-night studying #finals #killme
I just finished these gloves for the president-elect to wear for his inauguration. Do they make a priority mail container in size tiny?
If you are having a bad day, always remember it isn't as bad as the one I was having 6 years ago.
1st to comment is gay, surprise
Come for my mama, and I'm coming for you! Squad goals since 97 I love you mom Happy mothers Day!!
In honor of National Chemistry week, RIP to Gilbert Stork and the legend of the explosive steak.
Check out my man's radio show. He's got the tunes and might tutor you if you listen for long enough.
Congratulations to our boy who kicks off a 4-month run as Lysander in A Midsummer Night's Dream. Could not be more proud of this kid. Love you and can't wait to see you again.
Guys. Harry Potter is changing my life. Still. My dad, Dan Eernissee read aloud the first 3 books in the series to Larson Rainier and I while I was in middle school. And then I finished the 4th-6th during high school on my own.
I haven't been able to convince myself to read the last book of the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. I think I have been afraid to say goodbye to the magic. About a week ago, I bought the 7th book on my iPad and finished it about ten minutes ago.
I now now the full story of the boy who lived....and how darkness will never conquer the light.
PS feeling really blessed by the fact that I am the most clueless/oblivious person I know...the only plot points that were spoiled for me these past 11 years were that Ron and Hermione get together...but like please, that was a given. Thank you for bearing with me on this ridiculous post.
Thank you, dear friends for making this the best birthday of my life. I received so many lovely texts, messages, and calls yesterday and because of my angel best friend, Jens Sweaney, I was lucky enough to see almost all of my best friends clustered together in my little apartment kitchen. I am utterly overwhelmed with joy and love. I’ve come such a long way these past two years,
MANY moons ago I had the amazing opportunity to be a part of a brand new little musical called A Christmas Story. And tonight the brand new updated version is gonna be on TV!!!
Great news!! I was just cast in a short film that I’m really looking forward to working on. It’s an 80s sci-fi adventure that’s being made by an extremely talented group of artists. The only issue is that our kickstarter campaign isn’t fully funded and the deadline is a week from today. If you can, please donate; anything helps
everything - even the airport - was cooler in the 70s. what a time
miss these boys and the simple times of 7th grade...
I'm off campus and safe. Sending thoughts and prayers out to all those on campus.
Check out my new series! I come in about a third of the way in, so watch until the end!
So the White House has been saying that they reached out to the Parkland families. But the families say they have not heard from trump. The reason? trump only reached out to the one family who voted for him.
Obama’s must read response to Trump’s devastating and ill-advised decision regarding the Iran Agreement.
Intelligence instead of ignorance.
We have become a nation of “one man’s opinion(Trump)” versus the knowledge and political wisdom of every major country in the World!!!
Will the World, we included, survive??
Lol thanks to my fb is hacked dont open anything from me on messenger
This is the stupidest group of people I've ever worked with who are not legally retarded
My mom brought us pizza rolls
I'm sure the drought seemed longer to the players and coaches than the fans. But it's over! After a winless '16 campaign, Oberlin opened the 2017 season in front of a sizable crowd with a solid victory over Kalamazoo, 24-6. The Yeomen controlled the field on both sides ball.
Uh-oh. While you were enjoying that slab of Chili's baby back ribs, hackers may have been feasting on your payment card information.
The chain says malware was likely used to collect debit and credit card data - including cardholder names - from its payment system.
No problem. Will be in SA next summer, we should meet up then and I'll show you my gallery of work of you. Hope you don't find any of this creepy. I'm just an art student that could be inspired by anything really, take care.
Today I completed all my classes for my first semester at Carnegie Mellon. What an amazing, educational, difficult, life changing time it's been! I'm so happy I've met so many wonderful people and teachers. It's incredible how much this program has pushed me and taught me. I'm so thankful that this school has been everything I hoped for, and more. Go Tartans!
I'm so happy you're my Valentine for the third time now thanks for loving me so sweetly.
I definitely need a haircut, but more importantly I love these people with all my heart, peace out freshman year
CHECK IT OUt!! Only one showing so you better be there!! Grace Mccarthy and so many others dedicated huge amounts of time, money, and hard work to make this happen, and I am so proud!!
I have spent the last few hours crying, staring off into space, and attempting to fathom how this happened. I am ashamed, hurt, confused, terrified, and angry. But I also know I now have an opportunity. An encouragement to never stay silent in the face of oppression. Because now, more than ever, we all must lift each other up, and stand up for what is right. It's not going to be easy by any means. But I believe that we can still spark a change.
