“I literally get paid to eat and sit around. ”
“Tbh if I was a free agent in the NBA I would go to the Celtics. They have the best coach in the league.”
“I hope that Michelle and Barack are having an incredible Wednesday”
“College ain’t for everyone. Ok we get that but rapping ain’t either️”
“Imagine if somebody said, “Yeah, this KKK member’s ideas are off, but try to understand why he thinks this way. Just because he has a different perspective, doesn’t mean he’s wrong.” YES, HE IS. It’s the same thought process. Stop giving Kanye West passes, people.”
“The most infuriating thing about people who still support Kanye is their whole “think of it from his perspective” argument. The things this man has said are both morally and historically WRONG. You should not care about his perspective when he’s spreading false, dangerous ideas.”
“Someone: hi
Haley: Gordon Ramsey follows me on Twitter!”
“My mom got some nerves... on social media but can’t text me back ”
“I’m here for the @BodegaBoys Jewish shoutouts ”
“SEXISM 101: Hillary Clinton was shamed and humiliated for bravely attending a 9/11 commemoration with pneumonia, but Trump gets a total pass for getting his doctor to lie on record about his health, then robbing the doctor’s office to conceal his files.”
“Direction is more important than speed”
“If we can't joke around and talk shit then we can't date.”
“I got accepted into 13 schools with over $1 million in scholarships. I’ll be attending tOSU with a full tuition scholarship... all praise to the most high... happy #nationaldecisionday”
“Last day of classes. ”
“You wish you could take everyone at work under your wing and p... More for Pisces http://bit.ly/xHSyh0”
“Wowz”
“If you a real bro, you can check ya homie without letting the whole world know”
“Anyone need a Sunday (5/13) Blurry Vision ticket? For $90”
“it’s so cute when people can’t take responsibility for treating u like literal trash and then say ur rude when u tell them they’re treating u like trash????? ok???? you’re just proving my point????”
“I only love my bed and my mama and my sisters and my pup and my pals and actually yeah come to think of it I got a lot of friggin love to give but people keep taking my shit for granted and sleeping on me smh”
“people who act in their own self-interest to have immediate gratification will never be genuinely happy”
“on the phone with my oldest sis at the airport on the way to oberlin: "i worry about your liver" thxu sis 4 ur concern sorry i like 2 have fun i promise i am ok”
“people terrify me”
“Everytime schoolboy has a verse on someone else's song he always bodies it #Facts”
“Officially down to my last month at Oberlin ”
“Just saw someone put lentils directly on their Mac and cheese. I’ve officially seen it all.”
“Notice how the people who told Colin Kaepernick and LeBron James to "stick to sports" haven't told Kanye to stick to making music and shoes”
“Saquon already making more money than Le'veon Bell. Let that sink in.”
“Wait Tristan Kardashian scored the most important shot of the game wuuuuut”
“Goodbye April.”
“New Orleans..wow. Just WOW.”
““They’re actually reworking the bestiality law these days” ... ok Louisiana”
“I know my dad had a rough day when he comes home and immediately starts playing Call of Duty.”
“I know someone who’s getting a phd in classics for free next year and my cousin can’t afford a masters in social work. Is it wrong of me to think this is a huge problem?”
“never underestimate the power of fresh socks”
“fridays for th boys, saturdays for th garden”
“deadass @ellomelissa just asked to follow my finsta and I think I’ve made it”
“Impossible by Shontelle will always be the most comprehensive breakup song ever”
“Retweet to change the horrible buzzing in trouble sound that is made when you use a credit card with a chip in it”
“We all deserve to be able to laugh at our old selves like how Rihanna is laughing at her old self while she listens to Pon de Replay”
“Hot take: all Kettle chips kinda taste the same”
“Today I lost my nose stud on the floor of my classroom and that really encapsulates my mood for the past month I’d say”
“In My Horny Opinion”
“three women waiting to get pedicures at 9 am it’s officially Sweetie Season”
“i’m a Frequent Apologizer so i’m always in awe of people who just never feel the need to do it, i mean they’re rude as hell but just think of the time that must free up”
“I listened to a song called “Cement Mixer” and man, they just don’t make songs about construction sites like they did in the 1940s”
Sophie's back Sophie's back Sophie's back
The biggest decision I have this week is what to wear to graduation tomorrow, followed by how waterproof I can get my makeup.
"What are you going to do after the dance? you guys getting ice cream?" mhmm totally grandma.
I can't wait to hang out with the homies.
Milestone! 40% of the way to my lifetime goal! #giveblood
bad news: fridge dead and food with it. Good news: guessed right with the extended warranty
ahh- a taste of home in the big apple
I'm off to Vegas this am, dinner tonight with mom/dad and my good friend christopher, presenting tomorrow am athe the moneyshow at paris.
so why did the bios run higher when everyone thought they would get shot? as usual the uncertainty removed
Bron don't want to play today!!!
Former Rocket great Donta' Greene paying it forward to kids in Franklin County Children Services
It's been three years where are you Kipnis lovers? give it up already. The guy is a bum. I have been telling you for ages.
What may be even a bigger problem than Tomlin is Otero. Don't think he is a guy who they can count on in high-leverage situations.
Imagine if Diggs dropped the ball prior to crossing the goal line like we have seen so many others do.
What is incredible is the way that every time someone speaks out about labour racism their motives are impugned. abuse ridicule smears.
Indeed an excellent and refreshing read.
Dear #Trumpsters: Everything that wall represents – the bigotry, the racism, the ignorance, the paranoia is already in your heart. The wall has been inside you the whole time.
I don't see how border security can be constructed as racism.
Well, I didn't vote believing everything he claimed would happen. That would be naive. Figured if he did absolutely nothing as president still better than the alternative. Aside from his ridiculous penchant for tongue in cheek moments he's not doing a bad job at all.
(Me trying to explain the internet to a time traveler from the past) ummmmmm it's an invisible store where you can call the president a cunt
If somebody doesn't text me back within 5 minutes I assume they don't love me or that they've died from loving me too much
When you die they hand you a list of all the people who had crushes on you
Me 2 days into the Olympics: If McMorris thinks he's getting on the podium with anything less than a clean 1620 toe grab, he's a fool
before Instagram there was no way to see your old drug dealer’s kid really shine in their school play
me, a virgin, adding songs to my sex playlist
I got wasted at Dave & Busters once and this is how security threw me out
someone: you don’t have to apologize for everything, you’re good me: ok sorry
Drink, my child
My four year old is watching Toy Story for the first time ever and he just whispered to himself, "Alive toys... I knew it."
"no, officer, I haven't seen my husband in weeks. yes, I'm terribly worried"
How are we doing on breadsticks over here
SLOW DOWN, YOU OLD BITCH," I scream at the YouTube knitting tutorial lady.
Men who aren't ur bf: what kind of a fool doesn't massage & oil their girlfriend three hours a day
Men who are: hey can you fetch me the remote it's under my own ass
romance is bein kind. it's bein patient. it's making croutons for them. it's seeing an uglie dog and saying "haha that's you. that dog is u"
huge missed opportunity on Kim and Kanye’s  part not to name that baby Fievel Goes
the Lord is my shepherd, He shaves my entire body to make sweaters
dudes who are saying “it’s scary to hook up with women now, it’s like I don’t know what’s ok and what isn’t” 
uhh.. why don’t you ask her? She’s literally right there
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our GW scientists are stuck in ice
Man it's colder then two lightskin girls hearts out here lol
Sorry I missed your call earlier today I was sitting on the couch with the phone in my hand watching it ring.
I can't believe America is 2014 years old today. Happy Birthday 'Merica
A man who castrates his penis is not a woman, just as a cat with no legs is not a slug.
I think I dated her in high school.
does the sun have bones??
Just saw a woman walking a tiny dog, then realised it was a pigeon and thought oo a woman walking a pigeon but it was just a woman and a pigeon, they didn't know each other.
"Alexa make all these people leave my house."
You know you're big when they make cookies that look like you
Is Stevie Wonder really still blind?
block and move on james block and move on
You may be talented but you're not Kanye West
